packages/midi-bricks-electron/README.md, before:

# midi-bricks-electron

Special thanks to https://github.com/HaNdTriX for establishing this!

# Download 
Mac: https://drive.google.com/open?id=19D6T4Td05QMgwBXm7jxQDA2fkzrjAQaw

Win: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KzzS7MhAz9ErCxirokNhpX61-Aj_ixtN

## Run App
We introduced CLI Parameter for setting a initial window size or starting the developer console, optionally:

### Initiial Window-Size
Option: ```--window``` 
Values: x,y,w,h

### Developer Console
Option: ```--dev``` 
Values: none

#### Mac-OSX Example:
``` 
open midi-bricks-electron.app  --args "--window" "300,300,1000,1000" --dev
``` 

#### Win Example
You can edit the alias file, which can be found at your desktop and is generated at installation of midi-bricks. 

``` 
midi-bricks.exe --window 100,200,300,400 --dev
``` 

## Install
``` 
    yarn
``` 
## Development
``` 
    yarn dev
``` 
## Build (Create Mac and Win Versions to find in dist folder, afterwards)
``` 
    yarn build
``` 
## E2E Tests
You can use either the auto-mode, which starts all jobs automatically. Howevery, issues arose, so you can just start the CI-Mode via:

```
cd packages/midi-bricks-electron && yarn dev && yarn test-e2e
```

## Support on Beerpay
Hey dude! Help me out for a couple of :beers:!

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono/badge.svg)](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono)
[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono/make-wish.svg)](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono)

Commit message:

feature: Get rid of pushing .env and use a copy instead

packages/midi-bricks-electron/README.md, after:

# midi-bricks-electron

Special thanks to https://github.com/HaNdTriX for establishing this!

# Download 
Mac: https://github.com/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono/releases/tag/1.1.25

Win: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KzzS7MhAz9ErCxirokNhpX61-Aj_ixtN

## Run App
We introduced CLI Parameter for setting a initial window size or starting the developer console, optionally:

### Initiial Window-Size
Option: ```--window``` 
Values: x,y,w,h

### Developer Console
Option: ```--dev``` 
Values: none

#### Mac-OSX Example:
``` 
open midi-bricks-electron.app  --args "--window" "300,300,1000,1000" --dev
``` 

#### Win Example
You can edit the alias file, which can be found at your desktop and is generated at installation of midi-bricks. 

``` 
midi-bricks.exe --window 100,200,300,400 --dev
``` 

## Prepare
Copy the .env.sample file to .env
This file is used to read out environment variables and it is already added to .gitignore.
You can use this file to add custom api tokens for example.

## Install
``` 
    yarn
``` 
## Development
``` 
    yarn dev
``` 
## Build (Create Mac and Win Versions to find in dist folder, afterwards)
``` 
    yarn build
``` 
## E2E Tests
You can use either the auto-mode, which starts all jobs automatically. Howevery, issues arose, so you can just start the CI-Mode via:

```
cd packages/midi-bricks-electron && yarn dev && yarn test-e2e
```

## Support on Beerpay
Hey dude! Help me out for a couple of :beers:!

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono/badge.svg)](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono)
[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono/make-wish.svg)](https://beerpay.io/TimSusa/midi-bricks-mono)
